This repository contains a minimal example project that uses FastArduino library.

It allows you to jump start development with FastArduino, without needing to use netbeans (but you can if you want).

This is targeted for linux platforms and has been tested on Ubuntu 16.04.

How to use?
===========

First you need to clone fast-arduino-lib somewhere on your drive, let's say you have cloned it at `~/electronics/fast-arduino-lib`.

Then get a zip (no need for a clone) from this repository (`wget https://github.com/jfpoilpret/fastarduino-project-template/archive/master.zip`) and unzip it at the same level as fast-arduino-lib:

    > cd ~/electronics
    > unzip master.zip
    > wget https://github.com/jfpoilpret/fastarduino-project-template/archive/master.zip
    > mv fastarduino-project-template-master **<MyProject>**

This will give you the following:

    ~/electronics
        /fast-arduino-lib
        /MyProject
            Makefile
            MyProjectMain.cpp
            README.md
            nbproject/
                ...

In "MyProject", you get a minimal project, compilable for any target supported by FastArduino. `MyProjectMain.cpp` is the main source code file, showing the barebones FastArduino project. You should start your prgoram from there.

The `nbproject` directory was generated by netbeans and contains files that are necessary for `Makefile` to operate properly.

The produced Makefile allows you to:
- build your project
- flash it to your target MCU

Makefile supports the following operations:
- **clean**: clean all generated files from previous build
- **build**: compiles all source files of the project, links them altogether, along with `libfastarduino.a`.
- **flash**: uploads the built program to the MCU target
- **eeprom**: uploads data, as defined in source code files, to the EEPROM of the MCU target
- **fuses**: changes MCU target fuses to default values or provided values

For any operation, you must specify the MCU target by setting `CONF=<config>` in make command line, where <config> is one of:
- UNO-Release
- NANO-Release
- LEONARDO-Release
- MEGA-Release
- ATmega328-Release
- ATmega328-16MHz-Release
- ATtinyX4-Release

TODO show examples
TODO explain other Makefile settings (for upload)

